I want to build a platform for software developers, quants and also traders to host their code and models that would enable them to make money with them. Meaning traders and others would be able to subscribe to these hosted models and forecasting code (written in Python) and pay a monthly fee. ofcourse they can offer a trial period of up to a month for subscribers to evalute the models. Once the model is online (meaning is serving) it cannot be modified but it can be taken down and brought up as a new version. The reasoning is to avoid fraud. also these codes and models will not have access to the internet and all they can do is to query our database and create a forecast meaning they rely soley on technical data. I want to build this project entirely by myself, I am a Machine learning engineer and know flask with docker and kubernetes experience and I plan to host it on my own machine and I intend to continue to host on premise. I don't have any front-end development experience but I can create front-end code using AI coding assistants. I understand this project that intends to generate income can be complex and I want it to be as simple as possible as something I can develop on my own. Also the development kit should be very intuitive for someone knowing python to be able to quickly publish their code and model and basically go live, also the UI is exteremely important for end users that subscribe to be able to see at a glance each model's performance and perhaps playback their prediction overtime and it should be very easy for traders and the idea is to serve predictions at a minimum 1 hour resolution. What would be the most practical approach for me to go about building this project and if you could create an overall architechture and overview as well as step by step phases involved. I want this plan to be 100% doable and practical and achievable. Please use markdown start by drawing mermaid diagrams to draw the architechture  and then explain each component and then start with build steps and how to go about each step as clear and as detailed as possible. It has to be as clear as possible in terms of API design and execution plan
